README.md, before:

# workdayscheduler
A smart and simple calendar app that lets you save events to better schedule your day! 

_Workday Scheduler._


Hello! My name is Mike. I am a developer, designer, and dreamer. Welcome to the Workday Scheduler!

<!-- In this mission I created a code quiz that tests a users knowledge of JavaScript. I started this one from scratch, by writing the html that contained the frame for the quiz, creating the css, which stylized the website and formatted it with a beautiful and accessible layout, and finished by adding javascript, which brought the quiz to life; adding a timer, questions, answers, and more! I hope that you enjoy seeing the fruits of my labors, in the Code Quiz.   -->

Thanks for stopping in! I look forward to working together to make the present and future a better place. 

## Website & Refactory

View the website at: https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler

View the refactory at: https://github.com/MichaelWitt/workdayscheduler

Website Preview: ![alt text](https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler/Assets/website.png)
Demo: ![alt text](https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler/Assets/websitedemo.png)

## Updates

You can see all of my updates and pushes in the refactory, which displays code changes updated throughout the project, highlighting what I did to create the final product.

## Credits

UNC Coding Bootcamp and Trilogy Education Services for the inspiration & code to create.

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.

https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler/Assets/LICENSE.txt

## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/

## Thanks For Visiting!

Come back soon :)

Commit message:

updated readme with information about the website

README.md, after:

# workdayscheduler
A smart and simple calendar app that lets you save events to better schedule your day! 

_Workday Scheduler._


Hello! My name is Mike. I am a developer, designer, and dreamer. Welcome to the Workday Scheduler!

If you are looking for a reliable and inquisitive space to write down your daily todo's and better plan your workday, then this is the site for you! The workday scheduler was created using the Moment.js API, along with JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, and HTML. The HTML houses the framework of the site, the CSS is used to make the site look more appealing, and the JavaScript and jQuery were used to change the function and form of the site. The time blocks and buttons were created in html, the time blocks change color by adding a css class to the appropriate elements, onclick events and local storage were added in jQuery to make sure that your information is entered and saved, and if statements and a for loop assists in changing the color of containers depending on the time of day. I hope that you enjoy the functionality and simplicity of the workday scheduler. 

Thanks for stopping in! I look forward to working together to make the present and future a better place. 

## Website & Refactory

View the website at: https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler

View the refactory at: https://github.com/MichaelWitt/workdayscheduler

Website Preview: ![alt text](https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler/Assets/website.png)
Demo: ![alt text](https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler/Assets/websitedemo.png)

## Updates

You can see all of my updates and pushes in the refactory, which displays code changes updated throughout the project, highlighting what I did to create the final product.

## Credits

UNC Coding Bootcamp and Trilogy Education Services for the inspiration & code to create.

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.

https://michaelwitt.github.io/workdayscheduler/Assets/LICENSE.txt

## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/

## Thanks For Visiting!

Come back soon :)
